README.md, before:

# qfpreview.nvim

Just a preview for Neovim's quickfix list.

| Fill                                | Fixed height                                 |
| ----------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| ![Fill](assets/screenshot_fill.png) | ![Fixed height](assets/screenshot_fixed.png) |

## Installation

Install `qfpreview.nvim` using your favorite plugin manager.

**[lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)**:

```lua
{
  'r0nsha/qfpreview.nvim',
  dependencies = { 'nvim-lua/plenary.nvim' },
  opts = {
    -- Your custom configuration goes here
  }
}
```

**[packer.nvim](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)**:

```lua
use({
  'r0nsha/qfpreview.nvim',
  requires = { { 'nvim-lua/plenary.nvim' } },
  config = function()
    require('qfpreview').setup({
      -- Your custom configuration goes here
    })
  end
})
```

## Configuration

Here are the default configuration options:

```lua
require('qfpreview').setup({
    -- number | "fill"
    -- number will set the window to a fixed height
    -- "fill" will make the window fill the editor's remaining space
    height = "fill",
    -- whether to show the buffer's name
    show_name = true,
    -- the window's throttle time in milliseconds
    throttle = 100,
    -- additinonal window configuration
    win = {}
})
```

## Contributing

Contributions are always welcome! If you find any bugs or have a feature request, you're welcome to open an issue or submit a pull request.

Commit message:

doc: add a footnote about using quicker.nvim

README.md, after:

# qfpreview.nvim

Just a preview for Neovim's quickfix list.

| Fill                                | Fixed height                                 |
| ----------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| ![Fill](assets/screenshot_fill.png) | ![Fixed height](assets/screenshot_fixed.png) |

^[1]: The pretty quickfix list is from the awesome [`stevearc/quicker.nvim`](https://github.com/stevearc/quicker.nvim)

## Installation

Install `qfpreview.nvim` using your favorite plugin manager.

**[lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim)**:

```lua
{
  'r0nsha/qfpreview.nvim',
  dependencies = { 'nvim-lua/plenary.nvim' },
  opts = {
    -- Your custom configuration goes here
  }
}
```

**[packer.nvim](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)**:

```lua
use({
  'r0nsha/qfpreview.nvim',
  requires = { { 'nvim-lua/plenary.nvim' } },
  config = function()
    require('qfpreview').setup({
      -- Your custom configuration goes here
    })
  end
})
```

## Configuration

Here are the default configuration options:

```lua
require('qfpreview').setup({
    -- number | "fill"
    -- number will set the window to a fixed height
    -- "fill" will make the window fill the editor's remaining space
    height = "fill",
    -- whether to show the buffer's name
    show_name = true,
    -- the window's throttle time in milliseconds
    throttle = 100,
    -- additinonal window configuration
    win = {}
})
```

## Contributing

Contributions are always welcome! If you find any bugs or have a feature request, you're welcome to open an issue or submit a pull request.
